the tape and the emotional
as for a whole team
and which team is going to recover almost certainly because it has all the behind
sustains the soccer level to do it
has suffered front student as it rose of substitutes and now it touched to him again
go through another stumble the fact is that the team of July Cesar Falcioni
this one increasingly stronger and confirms once more that he will have fought
until the end of the tournament
politically until the last dates
this is the fourteenth gentlemen
the drill won 3 to 0 with the presence of our partner and friend
Sergio Lapegüe in full plateaus shouting the goals
wounded by the fire lift if I told him the same thing he did not get to go to the
court and
attention with people read
now he lost it
another skinned that
I started to show the critique of a little bit I was taking out key balls
they say that when you come out as a champion as well as a good team you have to have a
Wall of the arch and without criticizing the casino
Honduras in all matches
and that is noticeable because it gives the defenders a certain tranquility
and from there
the team performs
all kinds of plays and all kinds of maneuvers maybe
n not being a team
not so intimate and something else is the 3 to 0 against eleven months of 2010 of the circuit and
his stubbornness and also that the inter is a team rendered effective a team that
in the midfield I put a lot
practically to the government
so I decided that I had players who are breaking it in this case
like cowbells
first minute of the second time
ball that deviates but ball that at last
and the fruit
to all the people the drill to celebrate the south of the great Buenos Aires 1 to 0
partial
by the falcioni team his review of the Colombian
a small suite detour for what
amount is to fly to one side and to the other
the truth is that deaton díaz with its lack of ways
the transit of the ball
vélez tried to leave
vélez that could not
and the drill
through another peeling and cristian garcía
15 thousand dollars that is 1 sebastián fernández that asenjo
in front of costa rica
arum do all that we'll see in tn by you
at one o'clock midday gentlemen
people join in the left arm to that area of ​​the move could get
a lot to say
the intendant company
the law what is always perceived
this garcía defining
help us if they refuse
passerini who has done a great job consisted of the criminal and jungle of
done a great job banfield
my president
It has to be very considered by other institutions what has been done
in the drill equipment at least in inferior velez has also made a
great job
in the interiors eta
13th minute
of the second time
in 13 minutes the drill finished the match
before a vélez
and practically that did not offer arbitrage resistance
by héctor baldassi
francis nwankwo independent of madrid
was ejected fabián cubero minute 38 of the second half
I do not know if you can
miguel del sel
in fact on the 17th
I kept looking
falcioni that gave indications gareca that could not believe what was
going
the truth is that badly he won 3 to 0 to vélez